# Introduction
 
## :trophy: A2.1 Learning Activity
Requirements specification documentation and the IEEE830 Standard

 
### :blue_book: Instructions
 
* Based on the documentation of the ERS IEEE830 Standard and the template provided by the advisor, fill in all the points referred to in this document for the case study.
* Any activity or challenge must be done using the **MarkDown style with .md extension** and the environment VSCode development process, it must be prepared as a **single page**  document, that is, if the document with images, links or any external document must be accessed from tags and links, and must be named with the nomenclature **A2.1_NameSurname_Team.pdf**.
* It is a requirement that the .MD contains a label of the link to the repository of your document in GITHUB, for example **Link to my GitHub** and at the end of the challenge it should be uploaded to github. 
* From the **.md** file export a **.pdf** file that must be uploaded to classroom within its section
corresponding, serving as evidence of its delivery, since being the ***official** platform here it is you will receive the grade of your activity.
* Considering that the .PDF file, which was obtained from the .MD file, both must be identical.
* Your repository in addition to having a **readme.md** file inside your root directory, with
information such as student data, work team, subject, career, advisor data, and
even logo or images, it must have a section of contents or index, which really are
**Links or links to your .md documents**, avoid using text to indicate internal or external links.
* A structure is proposed as indicated below, however any other can be used
to support you to organize your repository.

~~~
| readme.md
| | blog
| | | Cx.1_ActivityName.md
| | | Ax.1_ActivityName.md
| | diagrams
| | docs
| | html
| | img
| | pdf
~~~
 
## :pencil2: Development
 
1. Insert here the link to the document referred to in the template that the advisor has indicated.

[Document](https://github.com/MoisesMM99/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software-Mancilla-Mora/blob/main/PDF/ERS_IEEE830.pdf) 
## Conclusions
 
### Arredondo Bonilla Cesar
With this work it was possible to understand how a document is prepared to formalize the requirements of a project, in this case it was with the IEEE 830 format, when writing the document we relied on the example, but it was necessary to adapt it to our case study which is the conservation of knowledge, in addition to that we name a project as "Datalight". We had problems in the user requirements section, so at this point we decided to adapt the 5 main requirements to the style of the table that came in the template.
 
### Chavez Vargas Javier
In this activity you can learn how to fill out a document that is referenced in the IEEE, and how it is to formalize the requirements of a project. In this document all the requirements and data used to understand who are involved in the project are specified and what needs to be done. Unlike the articles of incorporation, it is similar but it focuses on breaking down in a more detailed way the requirements and various sections, not only functional and non-functional. It was easy to fill out this document since many of these activities had already been done previously so it was only to put the most appropriate data and in a more structured way.

### Mancilla Mora Moises
At the time of developing the document, we learned how to create a document with the IEEE 830 format. In this document we saw that we gathered all our previous work and put it all together in this document in a formal and organized format. With this document you can have a better idea of all the characteristics, all the requirements and functions that our case study consists of.
 
### Valerde Sanchez Alejandro
This work helped to concatenate all the functional requirements that will be part of the DataLight platform which seeks to preserve knowledge in companies. The requirements were considered in all aspects, starting from the simplest such as login to more complex such as the creation of analytics for administrators.

___
 
### :bomb: Rubric
 
| Criteria | Description | Score |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Instructions | Is each one of the points indicated in the instructions section fulfilled? | 10 |
| Development | Was each one of the points requested within the development of the activity answered? | 60 |
| Demonstration | Is the student present during the explanation of the functionality of the activity? | 20 |
| Conclusions | Is a personal opinion of the activity included by each of the team members? | 10 |
 
:house: [My Github](https://github.com/MoisesMM99/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software-Mancilla-Mora)

