# Introduction

## :trophy: A3.1 Learning Activity
Project documentation using Scrum framework for initiate phase.

### :blue_book: Instructions

* Based on an investigation and the provided document by the teacher, realize the documentation for the project using scrum framework for the case study.

* The activity must be realized using a platform like **Notion**, or **Confluence**, and must be send in PDF style, named with the nomenclature **A3.1_ActivityName_StudentName.pdf**

* Your repository, besides containing a **readme**.md inside the root directory containing student's information, team, subject, career, teacher's information, and also a logo or pictures, must contain a section of contents or index.

## :pencil2: Development

1. Elaborate the vision declaration document, integrating a section for:
    - The business case, including introduction, objectives and scope, business modeling, requirements and restrictions, milestones list.
    - Identification of roles such as product owner, scrum master and stakeholder, the scrum team.
    - The project budget.

:page_facing_up: [Scrum Initiate Phase: Project Vision Declaration](https://github.com/CesarArred/Analisis_Avanzado_de_Software/blob/main/pdf/A3.1_ScrumsFirstPhase_Arredondo%20Bonilla%20Cesar.pdf)

## :paperclip: Conclusions

> Cesar Arredondo Bonilla
>
> With this practice, it was possible to acquire the knowledge of how the initial documentation is carried out to start a project using the agile Scrum methodology, there were not many problems for the elaboration of this because we relied on the documents made previously. Only a few points were added compared to what we already had, so we had to evaluate those new things to consider, such as solutions to possible project risks.

> Javier Chavez Vargas
>
>In this practice, what is the first phase of scrum was carried out, where the most important aspects of the project were mainly indicated and who was the scrum master and the steakholder. The document included everything related to the project such as background and data related to the project in addition to including other elements that we had already done before such as the business model, milestones and budget. Now what has changed is that we use a new tool that facilitates teamwork called Confluence.

> Moises Mancilla Mora
>
> When developing this activity, it was possible to see how to work with the scrum methodology. It started with a document that we had previously prepared, where certain points of the project are clarified, but now using the Confluence tool that is very useful for teamwork and dynamically, which is very useful to continue working using the scrum methodology.

> Alejandro Valerde Sanchez
>
>This practice helps you understand the principles of the SCRUM framework. This framework is widely used in the industry and the reason is because it is quite agile and allows to obtain results in the elaboration of a project and that it goes in the most orderly and documented way possible. The Confluence tool is quite useful for this type of project.


### :bomb: Rubric

| Criteria | Description | Score |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Instructions | Is each one of the points indicated in the instructions section fulfilled? | 10 |
| Development | Was each one of the points requested within the development of the activity answered? | 60 |
| Demostration | Is the student present during the explanation of the functionality of the activity? | 20 |
| Conclusions | Is a personal opinion of the activity included by each of the team members? | 10 |

:house: [My GitHub](https://github.com/MoisesMM99/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software-Mancilla-Mora)

